Version Packages (#1990)
commercetools/merchant-center-application-kit: website/src/releases/2021-01/release-v18.mdx

> ---

Reviewer: I added a small release note.

date: 2021-01-22
title: Custom Applications v18
description: |
  The Application Kit packages have been released as a new major version v18.\
  In this release note we go through the important migration steps.
type: announcement
topics:
  - Breaking Changes
  - Dependencies
---

The Application Kit packages have been released as a new **major version** `v18`.

> The most important change is related to the `@commercetools-frontend/eslint-config-mc-app` package, where now only `eslint` is a required peer dependency.<br/>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The changes relate to `@commercetools-frontend/eslint-config-mc-app` package, where `eslint` is now a required peer dependency.<br/>
```
